Stories
x - As an inventory manager I want to be able to create an account so that I can track my inventory.

x - As an inventory manager I want to be able to log into my account so that I can see my inventory of items.

x - After logging in, the inventory manager should be redirected to their inventory of items.

x - As an inventory manager I want to be able to create a new item so that I can share my item details with the world.

x - After the item is created, the inventory manager should be redirected to their inventory of items.

x - An item displays name, description, and quantity.

x - As an inventory manager I want to be able to see a my entire inventory of items.

x - The inventory of items should display the first 100 characters of each item description, with “...” at the end if the description is longer than 100 characters.

x - As an inventory manager I want to be able to see any individual item I have added.

x - The full item information should be displayed.

x - As an inventory manager I want to be able to edit an item so that I can fix any mistakes I made creating it.

x - When the user toggles edit mode, the page remains the same and the fields become editable.

x - As an inventory manager I want to be able to delete an item so that I can remove any unwanted content.

x - When the user deletes the item they should be redirected to their inventory of items.

x - As a visitor, who is not logged in, I want to be able to view all items created by every inventory manager so that I can browse every item.

x - Unauthenticated users should be able to view all items, and any single item.

x - The items should only display the first 100 characters of its description with “...” at the end if it is longer than 100 characters.

x - As a visitor, who is not logged in, I want to be able to view a specific item created by any user so that I can see all of its details.

x - Unauthenticated users should be able to view all items, and any single item.

x - As an inventory manager I want to be able to view all items created by every inventory manager so that I can browse every item.

x - Unauthenticated users should be able to view all items, and any single item.


Entity Relationship Diagram

User (one): Id, firstName, lastName, username, password (encrypted)

item (many): id, userId, item name, description, quantity (number) 